# Double Open Policy Configuration

This repository is used to maintain the license classification (license-classifications.yml) created
by Double Open.

## Rationale

We aim to maintain the classification to be consumed by [ORT (OSS Review
Toolkit)](https://github.com/oss-review-toolkit/ort) in automatic open source compliance reviews.
However, the content of the license classification is useful in many manual instances too, at least
for us. Any one is free to use the license classification, subject to its publishing guidelines. As
you can see, the license-classification is published by us freely, without any warranties.

## ORT rules

We do not currently maintain our ORT rules as a public version. However, we have published a small
ruleset to help in combining the license classification with your ORT rules.

## Versioning

We are currently in beta versions, below 1.0. Our aim with versioning is to enable determining of
compatibility between different versions of related resources. For example version 0.9 of the 
license classification will work together with certain ORT rules. We also produce training and 
policy documentation which may need to be updated as versions update. The version numbering helps 
us to communicate which documents have been created to work together. Backwards compatibility is 
still being explored, e.g. to what extent we can update the license classifications, while 
maintaining compatibility backwards with the ORT rules.

## Contributing to the license classification

Unclassified or unchecked licenses and new license variants - as well as some new licenses - are
identified in new compliance projects. Also, there could be discussion points or errors in the
current classification. Change proposals to the license classification can be done with pull request
or with github issues. We expect new content to be published in our repository under CC0, as we
publish our work under CC0. Submitting new or changed material, whether with pull requests or github
issues, includes acceptance of CC0 for said material.

## Paid services

If you need a warranty for the content of the classification, or for the timely maintenance of the
classification for new modifications, please be in contact.

## Authors and license

Double Open is a project managed by HH Partners, Attorneys-at-law, Ltd. HH Partners is a Helsinki,
Finland based law firm.

The license-classifications.yml file is published under two Creative Commons licenses and the
Creative Commons public domain statement. The Creative Commons licenses are for material reused from
other projects. For more information, see the file itself.
